[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Today, we're here
with David Adair.
Dave, thanks for
coming on the show.
>> Glad to be here.
>> What an incredible subject we
get to talk about your mission.
And what you're into and what
you've been through already
is very amazing.
What is your basic mission here?
>> Well, I thought it was
just like everybody else.
You do a career,
you get to retire,
settle down with your wife.
You just croak, and they put
you in the ground, that's it.
Apparently that's not
in the schedule for me.
I was five years old.
And there was an encounter.
And it wasn't for me.
It was for somebody else.
But I just happened to
be in the right place,
right time, or wrong
place, wrong time.
But I came up on
this person when they
were having their encounter.
And I'm only five,
so I'm really small.
So I-- looking out the
window, what's happening
with the other person.
And I thought, well,
I'll open the door here.
I'm so small, I have to crawl
up on the back of the couch,
put my foot on the door
latch and hold it down.
And then I could open the door.
So I open the door.
And now, my head's up
at the top of the door.
And when I open the door
about four or five inches,
six inches, man, all I see is
this glowing green eyeball.
It's huge, and it's got--
like a fly eye, it's got prisms.
Actually, it was really
pretty, but freaked me out.
So I go to slam the door back.
And when I slam the door back,
the door then blows open.
I'm hanging onto the
edge of the door.
So it throws me clear
across the room.
And I'm going to
bounce off the ceiling
on the other side of the room.
So as I'm flying
through, I'm thinking,
boy, this is going to hurt.
So right before I
hit the ceiling,
this arm comes in so fast.
You know how a tongue
on a lizard just --
[Pfsst]
>> Right.
>> Well, it's that fast.
It's just lightning speed.
Catches me before
I hit the ceiling.
And I'm in its palm, and
it pulls me back to it,
then steps back,
and then stands up.
And it's taller than the house.
And I'm looking at its face.
And I'm in its palm.
And I lean over to look at
its body, the side of it,
it's beautiful.
It's like burnt chrome.
You ever seen chrome--
>> Sure, sure.
>> --iridescent, really pretty.
>> What is it?
>> It's-- looks like
a praying mantis.
It's four legs,
got these big round
flaps that's moving
as it's breathing.
You can hear the
breath going out of it.
And it's looking at me.
And it's got the triangle
ahead, got some teeth
like you wouldn't believe.
Looked like something
from "Predator."
You know, it's this big--
>> Were you frightened?
>> Well, yeah, I'm
freaked out, you know?
But I didn't think it
was going to kill me.
I never was afraid
of it like that.
I was just more concerned
what's going on with the other--
>> Other.
>> --incident that, what,
caused me to get in this mess.
And we, the bug and I,
we both look at them.
They look back at us.
And then we look at each other.
And then we look back again.
Look back, and he
looks at me and he just
goes with his other
hand, he puts in my face.
And I wake up in my bed
just screaming and crying.
And here's my mother and my
dad and my oldest brother
and my other
brother at the foot.
And they're telling me
I'm having a bad dream.
But come to find out
later, it ain't no dream.
>> Mm-mm.
>> So the question I had when I
started doing Pitholem and all
this stuff, why me?
Well, it turned out
that I kind of crashed
the party or an event
that was going on.
And I was the surprise
element, a wild card.
And I got tagged right then.
And they kept tracks on me.
And then when I became--
from age 5 to 12--
The only thing
that was different
about that immediate event
that night, when I was five,
next day I am just some
kind of science nut.
Anything that have
to do with rockets,
or space travel, or science, and
I mean every kind of science.
>> Did you notice this
right after the visitation?
>> Right after.
>> And right after that, what
did you start doing then?
>> One thing, going
to school was a cinch.
Everything's rote memory.
>> Easy.
It was easy.
>> You don't even have to
think, just remember what it was
and write it down.
Oh, you're so smart.
Yeah, yeah.
You're not thinking.
You're just memorizing.
But fortunately,
I didn't do that.
I went into the books.
Did well in school
without even trying,
but I'm working on the
real teaching, where
I'm learning the harder,
more advanced stuff.
>> Once you go home and--
Like, I used to
go home and be so,
like, school was not
a big deal for me,
because I was more self-taught.
I had to get more advanced
books to really get
into what I really
wanted to know.
>> I would do my homework on
the school bus going home.
By time I got home, I'm through.
And then that freed
me to do my real work,
where I pull out the--
excuse me-- all of these books.
And these were not normal books
for a five-, six-year-old.
It's quantum theory mechanics.
>> Sure.
>> It's celestial engineering.
It's titles of two feet long.
And I knew it all.
And then things
started happening.
>> Was it just science?
Or did you--
>> It was across the board.
>> Across the board,
lots of things.
>> Everything, history.
>> Was easy, yes.
>> Yeah, it was just
anthropology, zoology,
you name it, marine
biology, it was all of it.
Was like earth sciences,
you just take it all in.
And then opportunities
came that was not normal.
Like, when I was six years
old sitting in the library
and I'm reading all these
big technical books.
Librarian comes over
and looks at me.
She goes, are you
reading them books?
And I just flippantly
look up and didn't
mean to be smart about it.
But I said, well, there's
no pictures in them.
And she goes, huh.
So she says, how
much do you remember?
I said, all of them.
Yeah?
Everything in the book?
Everything in every book.
So she just grabs a
book off the shelf,
and she asks me, what's
this book, I'm on page 36.
I said, it'll help
to have the title.
And she went, oh,
the singularities
in quantum physics, page 36.
And I go, in the event horizon
when the marketing difference
between the colliding side at
the far end of the spectrum--
And she just slams
the book shut.
And she goes, OK,
so you do remember.
How many of these
books have you read
in here, the science section?
All of them.
There's 600 books.
606, actually.
Well, you want to read more?
Yeah, but you know, I'm
a six-year-old in Welch,
West Virginia, in 1950--
1960.
I said, not much is going
to happen here for me.
Have your mom bring
you back at 7 o'clock.
And she did.
And that old woman turned
me into a librarian.
She made me a librarian.
I could order books forever,
as many as I could stand.
And I went through a thousand
books in probably two years.
And that was so cool.
Yeah, it was Mrs. Hunt.
And she had no idea what she
unleashed on the world in just
a mind-hungry being that I was.
But it kept evolving,
layering and layering on.
And at that point, I'd
had enough foundation
I could start extrapolating
my own theories of which
way to go.
And then the math, I took
every math imaginable.
And the math started
coming easy, easy, easier.
And the more harder it
got, actually, the easier
it got, if that makes sense.
But I was able to
start projecting
where I want to go next.
And then I started--
You know, you can read all
about swimming all day long,
but until you get in the
water, you can't swim.
So I started building rockets.
And rockets are just
tools, but they quickly
led me to other type of
forms of propulsion stuff.
>> Do you attribute that
information that you received
from maybe this extraterrestrial
that actually help you
formulate these formulas?
>> Oh, yeah.
I'm good, but I'm not that good.
There's-- it's clearly--
Fortunately for me, I know
where I end and it begins.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> Which can be very confusing
if you don't know it.
But I know where mine stops.
But apparently, I can deliver.
>> Did you ever see this
mantis-type being again?
Did you have another contact?
>> No, I never had another
contact with it ever.
But the math and science,
actually, I was born with that.
Before this incident, I was so
into math and science already.
But this was like
an enhancement,
like nuclear steroids.
But I already had a big
chunk of science in me.
This just expanded it.
And it just kept
on extrapolating.
And what I learned from that
experience is like, I said,
I've been tagged.
And then later,
it wasn't through.
It came back when I was 12.
And by the time
12 rolled around,
I had all the science
books that I could order.
And I built this huge
base to work from.
Then when I got into high
school and you do competition
with science fairs, I
slaughtered the place.
I won every award you could win.
>> So your volcano
bubbled over the most.
>> Oh, did it ever.
You had to scrape
it off the ceiling.
I mean, by the time I
was 16, I had already
won over 150 awards,
everything imaginable.
And these weren't just
awards in school systems.
I started competing out
in the corporate world.
I'm beat Dow Chemical Company
out on a rocket formula.
And I didn't even
care about rockets.
But it just kept going,
and it wouldn't stop.
And it kept--
I always felt it was
leading to something
else, a step-by-step thing.
Then things started
lining up with LeMay.
And just so much alignment of
outside things would align.
And that would tell me
which way I'm going,
because it's like electricity.
Electricity always tries to seek
the least path of resistance.
So when things started
lining up real easy,
that's where I'm supposed to go.
And so LeMay shows up.
And all this followed through.
That started building this
and just then ultimately
up to Groom Lake,
that encounter.
Then after that, you think,
god, it's going to slow down.
No, it started accelerating.
>> Accelerating.
>> It's just-- it's
a layer process.
Now, I'm been layered up till
where I've really got umph now.
But every project, I'd work on
would take me to another one,
and another one,
and another one.
And it just kept getting
bigger and bigger.
>> Did Groom Lake help also get
you to these other programs?
>> I think they--
>> Was that the launching pad?
No pun intended.
>> I think they did,
because, well, after age 17,
I went in the Navy because they
were trying to force me onto
a track.
And they forced me
into the military,
which to their surprise and
my surprise, most of all,
that was the niche
I was looking for.
I excelled in the Navy.
I went up five
ranks in four years.
So I was doing really well.
And if I hadn't-- because of
injuries and stuff I was doing
in the field, if I hadn't
gotten injured so bad,
I would've stayed 30 years.
They'd have to get a stick and
run me off, 'cause I really
liked what I was doing.
But it kept laying on.
And the admiral called me
and said, you're resigning.
Yeah, I am.
I said, I'm just busted
up too much to keep going.
And he said, look
at this on my desk.
And he had a stack
of paper a foot high.
I asked him, what is that?
And he said, these are
job offers for you.
And he said, it's
everybody, it's
every aerospace
company in the book.
And some of them, we
hadn't even heard of.
And he said, I'm--
I got a betting pool.
I'm in on you.
Which one are you
going to work for?
And I went--
I said, well, give me a
day, let me look at them.
I went through them all,
came back, and said,
starting my own private company.
I'm going to work
for all of them.
And he went, hot
damn, I thought so.
And he won the pool.
>> At this time you,
were retiring as--
how many years?
>> Now the Navy.
>> How many years?
>> 11 years now--
>> This was 11 years later.
>> --in the Navy.
>> What position was
that that you left from?
>> At that point, I
was in the reserves.
See, the way you do
operations, four years--
first four years
was active duty.
The next six years, what
they called inactive.
>> Inactive, reserves.
>> But it was hotter
than blue blazes.
That's where all the real work
was done in the six years,
was the intel ops
and all those people.
>> Yeah, the same thing here.
I did more business after.
>> And that's why I've two--
I have two honorable discharges,
one from the regular fleet
and then one from
the reserve fleet.
And reserve fleets where
we did all the work.
They wanted me in
civilian clothes at times.
I'd alternate.
So that worked out really well.
It's an oxymoron.
You're full-time active reserve,
which don't even make sense.
>> Doesn't make sense.
>> But it worked for
them, worked for me.
>> Yep.
When you got out of
the Navy, you must--
I know you were
going to basically
be a contractor for all these
corporations, obviously.
But what was that mission?
Were you catering
to their mission
or-- did you actually
have a mission that
was downloaded to you that
you thought was pertinent
that you need to follow?
>> You know, I've had
close friends that knew me
for a while, and the
accused me of being a probe.
You know, what's the probe do?
Learn-- like V'ger, "learn
all that is learnable."
That's what I was doing
with these projects,
was learning everything
I could possibly learn,
not knowing what I'll
be using it for later.
>> Exactly.
>> But just to know it.
And you get to know so
many people networking.
I never had a network.
Network worked me.
They always kept me--
passing me around like a bong
at a pot party, you know?
I just-- I was handy at
all the stuff I was doing.
And also, I loved
working under the table
and off the tables and stuff,
perfect for their operation.
So I did a whole career of that.
Then you throw in the
technology transfers that I did.
Then I was a professional
speaker with the National
Speakers Association, NSA.
They used to kid me,
I'm the only person
they know that
worked for both NSAs.
>> Right.
>> So National Speakers
Association and National
Security Agency.
Did all this stuff.
And then it's
leading up to where
we're looking at things now.
But it's always been
on a layer effect.
Everything that the
skills I've accumulated
are going to come in handy
for the next series of events
that I'm doing.
>> Can you discuss
those events that--
>> When I should be retiring,
I'm about to crank up probably
the biggest adventure
I've done yet.
There's rumblings out
there in the Middle East.
And I've been
emailing and talking
to these people for
the last 10 months.
And at first, I didn't even
if this stuff was real or not.
But there's ways of verifying
things, which I did.
And so now, it looks
like I'm on my way
to become the director of the
Middle East space program.
>> Well, congratulations.
>> I know.
>> What are their intentions and
what are your intentions with
this?
>> It's turning now our
intentions are the same,
which that's pretty
crazy in itself,
because I had some lofty
intentions of doing some stuff.
The emails that came
through and said,
we're willing to fund
everything that you want to do.
And I went, dude--
>> This is an amazing
accomplishment of a mission.
Like, how are they-- how are
you going to get this done?
Are they giving you unlimited
manpower and funding?
>> And money, yeah.
Yes and yes.
First project, going
back to the Moon.
>> Second project?
>> Next thing after that is,
depending on what we discover
at the Moon, 'cause the first 12
places I want to go on the Moon
are the 12 places NASA
don't want us to go--
the tower, the arch,
the cannon, the--
I don't know, it looks
like a spacecraft
slid, somebody threw
dirt up around it,
whatever that stuff is.
I have no idea.
I'm not going to say Moon
bases and aliens on it.
It's just interesting stuff that
should be looked at real close.
Then after that, let's
go after helium-3.
You know, China
can't get it all.
And while all that's
going on, I've
got hardening of the
electric grids I'm doing,
and not just United States,
but the whole planet.
Thorium reactors.
List just keeps going.
>> All this stuff, too, can be
utilized on the surface of Mars
as well.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>> Absolutely.
>> Looks like it's a stage
set and a demo operation,
I would say, by
listening to you,
of actually planning this out
to duplicate this elsewhere,
I'll say.
>> Well, I want to get--
One of the last things
I want to get done
is the reconstruction
of Pitholem.
Now, if I get that done--
I only made it to
half way of phase 1.
They stopped me because
that's what they needed, was
a first strike weapon speed.
There was four
phases to this thing.
If I get all four phases
done, oh, brother,
y'all are not going to believe
what's gonna happen next.
There's no spot in the
known local cluster
that we can't get to in
our lifetime and work it.
People'll go, well,
that's impossible.
It'd take speed of
light 200 million years
to get to another galaxy.
>> That's not [INAUDIBLE]
>> Well, yeah, well, I'll have
you there in about six minutes
and without breaking
the speed of light.
It's answering the--
Einstein's riddle, how
do you go a million times
faster than speed of
light without breaking it?
Well, I can.
When we hit phase 4 of Pitholem,
that allowed us to do it.
What you would have
is star travel.
>> Did you get
this from Pitholem?
>> Yeah, sure did.
Like I said, I'm good,
but I'm not that good.
I cheated.
I got some help.
And--
>> Well, how do we do
it in six minutes then?
>> Well, you take--
if you watch a movie
which Sam Neill was in
called "Event Horizon"--
>> Sure.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>> --that's my script,
the part where the page--
where you have-- he
holds up a page and--
>> Folds it.
>> Yeah.
Milky Way here, Andromeda
here, 200 million light years
across the page.
Uh-uh.
Shortest distance between
two points, straight line.
No, it's not.
What-- In space with the
advent of black holes,
large magnetic fields
of immense proportion,
you can wrap the space
around the spacecraft.
And then this little edge
that makes up the rolled up
space, on a linear platform,
that's all you're going to fly,
just this narrow little edge.
So about half light speed
in about six minutes
our time, you're through,
turn off your engine,
folds out the space, and
you're at Andromeda Galaxy.
It would've taken speed
of light 186,000 miles
a second, 200 million
years to get there.
I got you there in six
minutes at half light speed.
It's not that hard, y'all.
>> Without rocket fuel.
>> Yeah, without-- yeah.
You just use gravity field and
the magneton of the graviton
well of the containment walls.
You just drag that space
over to you and jump it.
It's really count
transdimensional jumping.
>> Right.
>> Because as you go
through that narrow edge,
you're jumping--
As the walls are whirled
up like a burrito,
you just jump from one
dimensional barrier
to the other, jump
right through it.
And--
>> Yeah, there are--
>> Now, there're
two problems there.
How do you navigate, and
how do you communicate?
You're going to outrun
your headlights.
You don't think
that's a problem?
Try it.
So I have no idea
how they're going
to communicate and navigate.
But I can get your
butt there in speed.
So I think somebody else will
come along and figure it out.
>> Well, if you create your own
field of gravity and density
around you, you could probably
send messages the same way.
>> That-- I would theorize that.
But I don't know.
I haven't really worked on it.
But that's a good
theory, because it
would seem like it would
wrap up with the dimensions
and you take it with you.
That's something "Star
Trek" never addressed.
Everybody loves
watching "Star Trek."
But if you pull the
things off that they do,
you'd never know
anybody back home.
They're all dead.
They died of old age.
>> By the time you get
home, 1,000 years have past.
>> Yeah, 10,000 years
pass the way they travel.
Interstellar travel
is really difficult.
Now, a movie called
"Interstellar," watch that.
That's the first one that really
addresses the problem head on.
For every five minutes you spend
on the surface this planet,
50 years has gone by on Earth.
So you better hurry up.
You're going to have
to figure out a way
to get around that problem.
One way doing this thing
that I'm talking about,
it'll allow you to
jump in real time,
but I'm still stuck
on communications.
But I think I would have
a better handle on it
than "Star Trek" does.
They just don't
even talk about it.
And they got dilithium
crystals and--
>> Then you're--
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>> But I don't want to
take away from "Star Trek."
It's pretty cool
anyway, great idea.
Gene Roddenberry is so
cool to bring it all up.
But in reality, it's
a different story.
It's very difficult
and real unfriendly.
>> What other mission than did
Pitholem actually guide you
towards, and where is
that going right now?
>> Pitholem is the name of
the rocket that I put on--
the rocket that built
with Curtis LeMay.
My mother came in
having a dream,
she saw it and saw
a name on a rocket.
And that's how we
named Pitholem.
But come to find out that
the name of the entity I
encountered in Area 51,
its name is Pitholem.
The thing that I always
question and wonder about,
which I don't get
answered though,
what's going to happen when
they show up and she leaves?
Do I become a dull person?
Or what happened?
Or do I become a
different being, or--
God, who knows.
Let's just wait--
>> Who knows?
>> --and find out.
>> Let's just wait and see.
That's part of the adventure.
>> It is that.
But it's not always
fun havin' some--
people go, oh, it's
so cool to have
something like that in you.
Oh, yeah?
You ought to hear the arguments.
Yeah.
Male and female arguments.
It must be my inner
self sometimes arguing.
But I have a clear understanding
of what women want.
>> So is Pitholem actually
guiding you, obviously,
into this area of space to go
amongst the stars and space?
And from there, are you still
getting more information?
Like, what is the goal of
both of you and this entity?
>> I think the best thing that
I'm going to be used for is
getting projects
done, leadership.
Lord, God, we ain't got
leadership anywhere.
>> We can use it.
>> But being leadership and
management, getting there,
that's one of my strongest
fields of all things.
And I never really
gave it much thought,
until a lot of colleagues
are brilliant scientists,
they just tell me,
man, you can lead
like nobody we've ever seen.
He said, you can get all
these dysfunctional scientists
to agree on one thing
in one direction?
And he said, how the
hell do you do that?
And to me, it's just
like moving through air.
>> It's a gift.
>> Yeah.
Don't even think about it.
It just happens.
So leadership is one
thing that I can do.
But I think I'm going
to be an example.
Eventually--
>> An example in what way?
>> Well, Pitholem--
>> The relation between
Pitholem and you?
>> Pitholem, family,
or colleagues,
or fellow combatants, I
don't know what they are.
They're going to come
back and pick her up.
And when they do, it's
going to scare the daylights
in a lot of people.
But then they said,
well, look, been
a host with a lifeboat
of a human over here,
how's he doing?
He's striving pretty good.
He's really-- Go, well,
that's one of our leaders.
Well, if we could
cohabitate with him,
obviously, it's not much
of a threat to you then.
So--
>> Because it's
already been done.
>> Already been done.
>> And you're going to
be like an ambassador.
>> Exactly.
I think ultimately
what will happen,
that's exactly what's
going to happen.
They're going to show up here.
And the first
thing they're going
to ask for, we're looking for
a human named David Adair.
Bring him up here, the orbit
where we're sitting in.
Why?
Well, he's going to
be your ambassador,
'cause he's already been
working with us for years.
And he's already leading them,
a lot of you, down there.
So bring him up here.
He's the ambassador.
And he'll show you this--
all this stuff will
work, 'cause he got it.
>> I've heard of stories of
walk-ins of many colleagues
coming to me.
This is like the opposite.
I think you walked into them.
[LAUGHTER]
>> I always thought that--
my wife always said that.
She said, boy, when
they grabbed you,
they thought they were
getting this little human.
They didn't know they were
getting this dynamo of a person
that they had to deal with.
>> Absolutely.
>> Didn't even think
humans were like that.
And my wife keeps
telling me I'm not human.
So they think I'm--
they may have found a human
hybrid already made successful.
>> All these physical things.
I mean, let's talk
about the physical--
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>> You had some physical
changes, I mean, in your blood.
>> I have an--
Oh, my blood, when I was
born, I was a blue baby.
I was O negative.
And it couldn't even--
my body couldn't even
process the atmosphere.
That's why I was turning blue.
And this is Welch,
West Virginia, 1954.
Odds of technology helping
is pretty much zip.
And the doctors looking
at me, Dr. Saunders,
and he says, too bad this
baby is going to die,
and we need a bilirubin machine.
There was only two
of them in existence.
And he said, well, no, there's
one down in the lobby on tour.
He runs down there and
throws the display off of it,
pushes it upstairs, throw
me in it, and here I am.
And when it got
through with me, it
turned my blood to A positive.
>> That's a miracle.
>> So I went from one end
of the spectrum to the other
in the blood unit.
I can't give blood because
there's no body's blood
that matches mine.
It's just crazy.
But I have three kidneys.
I have two on the
left, one on the right.
And they are separate
with their own tubes.
Got me on that.
Born without wisdom teeth.
Born without second molars.
So the dentist
looked at my mouth,
said, boy, that's a mouth about
100 million years from now,
mouth of the future.
My bone density, they go
to take an X-ray on me,
they have to crank the X-ray
machine clear to the end.
>> Put that kVp all the way up.
>> As far as that dial will go.
And you can--
I've heard technicians, and
they're going, ay caramba.
You have to turn it up so high.
And my skeleton, they
told me by itself
weighs like 180 pounds,
just the skeleton, bones.
So I'm built like I've got the
chassis of a combat vehicle.
I always wondered how I could
go through so much stuff
in the military.
That's why I got [INAUDIBLE].
>> That's right.
You're like a tank.
>> Yeah.
Another person
said, god almighty,
you're like a wolverine.
You know, he was injecting--
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>> That's right.
>> Yeah.
It's kind of like that.
It's dense.
My dad always said I was dense.
I think he knew something.
>> So this mission, would
you say that the mission that
you've received is to
go amongst the stars,
and travel amongst the stars,
and bring humans amongst
the stars, it sounds like?
>> I think what the end goal
for us all would be is we're--
"Star Trek" did do
something really cool.
They did away with the pursuit
of the acquisition of wealth.
You didn't have to worry about
making money, making a living.
So what are you
going to be, a bum?
No.
What we're all supposed
to be-- explorers.
And explorers is universal.
That's in every
country in the planet.
Every planet you
run into, everybody
would know what you
mean be an explorer.
What's on the outside
of that mountain?
Let's go see.
That's what you'd
be free to do, not
scrambling around and scratching
to make enough money to food
to eat and shelter.
>> Right.
That'll all be--
>> That's why they got
us contained right now.
And the reason they
want us so contained
is I think they're afraid that
the populous could be really
good at this and really expand.
And you won't be
able to control them.
>> No control.
>> Well, wouldn't
that just be too bad.
That would be a very good thing.
Everybody would have your own--
you're a master of
your own destiny,
instead of just being a
working tool somewhere.
>> Right.
And being self-sustainable
and having bountiful amounts
of food and health care and
clean water, the basics will--
>> Yeah, not trash your home.
So yeah, we need to evolve up.
And we need to get over
that constant duality
thing, where we're
constantly fighting
some kind of evil side of us.
We need to drop that
thing altogether.
>> Stop creating new entities
and new stories that bring this
whole consciousness level
of the collective down,
because it doesn't serve.
>> Yeah.
>> Where do you see yourself
five years from now?
>> God almighty.
>> [LAUGHS]
>> If-- big if, if the Middle
East wants to do all this
stuff, I'll still
be here on Earth.
But, boy, my projects won't be.
We'll have by--
We could have a real
foothold on the Moon.
And you're right, the
Moon is really important.
It'd make a great launching pad
to go to Mars and other places
deeper.
Pitholem would be
up and running.
Imagine jumping
to Alpha Centauri,
take 4 and 1/2 light
years to get there.
That means at speed of light
take us 4 and 1/2 years
to get there at speed of light.
>> 24 minutes our time.
>> Yeah.
I'll just get there
in a half hour,
have you back in time for lunch.
Things we can learn.
And if we encounter
other races, that's
when it's really
going to get good.
>> So how do we move in five
years peacefully from even
the Moon, if we can work a
deal out there, to get to Mars,
because there is going
to be a life out there?
>> Right.
You want to start addressing--
it's a simultaneous project.
You use your technology you're
punching forward out there
with--
learned this from
technology transfer--
bring that technology back and
punch through problems here
on the planet.
Clean up the planet.
>> Let's fix it here first.
>> Give people good jobs,
where they don't have to work
themselves to death.
Good health care,
real health care,
where you start getting people
becoming immune to diseases.
Then you gonna overpopulate.
No, it doesn't matter.
We're going to need
them off-world.
But use the technology
you're driving forward with,
but turn around and pick up
everybody that has nothing
do with that--
>> Simultaneously.
Bring them along.
Brother, I ain't going to
leave you here wrapped up
in newspapers freezing
your butt off in the cold.
Take you with me.
Get up and learn something.
>> We all could use
a little of that--
>> Yeah.
Boy, that's the truth.
>> --on this planet,
that's for sure.
>> Yep.
>> Well, thank you, David.
It's always a pleasure
having you on the show.
>> Glad to be here.
>> I'm Emery Smith, and
we'll see you next time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]